.ds = \-\^\-
.de Sp
.if t .sp .3
.if n .sp
..
.TH wmrack 1.0 "1 June 1997" wmrack
.UC
.SH NAME
\fBwmrack\fP \- the WindowMaker Sound Control
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmrack
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBwmrack\fP is CD player and Audio Mixer written to play audio CD's
integrated in AfterSteps Wharf module or docked to WindowMaker.
\fBwmrack\fP handles mounted volumes, opens and closes the tray, can
display the current position in various ways and skips also data tracks.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fP \fBDEVICE\fP or \fB\*=device\fP \fBDEVICE\fP
Sets the CD-ROM device. This defaults to /dev/cdrom.
.TP
\fB\-h\fP or  \fB\*=help\fP
Prints a summary of supported options and their default values.
.TP
\fB\-l\fP \fBCOLSPEC\fP or \fB\*=ledcolor\fP \fBCOLSPEC\fP
Specifies the color of the led. It is darkened two times (for a total of
three colors) to get all needed colors. So better use a bright color.
.Sp
For the design of own XPM, the ledcolor is made avaiable through the use
of the symbolic xpm color names
.I led_color_high,
.I led_color_low,
and
.I led_color_med.
There is also a symbol named
.I led_color_back
to get the default background color of the led\-display.
.Sp
To find out what colors are available, try
.I showrgb
(part of X11).
.TP
\fB\-p\fP or \fB\*=noprobe\fP
This option disables the startup probing for a cd. Default is to probe the
cdrom. This will close the tray and read the TOC of the cd (if there is one).
.TP
\fB\-s\fP \fBSTYLEFILE\fP or \fB\*=style\fP \fBSTYLEFILE\fP
.B wmrack
will try to load its window\-pixmaps from the specified
.B STYLEFILE.
It will search this file for XPM pixmaps named
.I cdnodisc,
.I cdplaying,
.I cdpaused,
.I cdstopped,
.I cdled,
.I mixer,
and
.I mixled.
If some of those are not defined, the compile\-time defaults will be used.
.TP
\fB\-w\fP or \fB\*=withdrawn\fP
Starts the
.B wmrack
in withdrawn window state. This is useful to dock the window to
.B WindowMaker.
.SH INVOCATION
\fBwmrack\fP can be called using different ways. The most common invocation
is from your dock file:
.Sp
        wmrack
        WMRack
        \fIPOSITION\fP 2 -1 0
        wmrack
        --withdrawn
.Sp
Another way to call \fBwmrack\fP is to swallow it into the \fBafterstep (1)\fP
\fBWharf (1)\fP. This is best done playcing the following line into your
\fI.steprc\fP:
.Sp
	*Wharf WMRack nil Swallow "wmrack" wmrack &
.Sp
This method will also work for other button\-bars, such as the \fBFvwmButtons (1)\fP
of the \fBfvwm (1)\fP window manager.
.SH USAGE
The \fBwmrack\fP features a simple click interface. All times the buttons will
show a standart sign which specifies the action it will do. But there are some 
noteable extensions to that explained below.
.Sp
The default behavior of \fBwmrack\fP is to try to read the cdrom at
startup. If there was no cd, it will not try again unless you press the close
or play button. This will close the cdrom and again try to read it. Unless
there is a cd, \fBwmrack\fP will again suspend until your next action.
.TP
.B skip
By pressing the button down and holding it on one of the prev/next track
buttons the cdrom goes fast forward or backward.
.TP
.B time left
A button-1 click into the time display switches between time running and time
left display.
.TP
.B total time
A button-2 click into the time display switches between track and total time.
.TP
.B repeat
A button-3 click into the time display cycles through normal mode, repeat all, 
and repeat one play mode.
.SH COPYRIGHTS
Copyright 1997, Oliver Graf <ograf@fga.de>.
Most styles copyright 1997, Heiko Wagner <hwagner@fga.de>.
.Sp
No guarantees or warranties or anything are provided or implied in any way
whatsoever. Use this program at your own risk. Permission to use this program
for any purpose is given, as long as the copyright is kept intact.
.SH AUTHORS
Oliver Graf <ograf@fga.de> -- the coding
.Sp
Heiko Wagner <hwagner@fga.de> -- the hyped window shapes
.SH CREDITS
Rob Malda <malda@cs.hope.edu> -- who had written ascd and asmixer
.Sp
Michael Kurz <mkurz@rzws.fh-aalen.de> -- also for ascd and asmixer
.Sp
Thomas McWilliams <tgm@netcom.com> -- who has done Workbone
